Fixing Couchbase tickets drop 3 (#2319)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/fts/pages/fts-creating-index.adoc

[#Creating-Indexes]
= Creating Indexes

NOTE: Full Text Searches are supported by specially purposed indexes, which can be created either from the Couchbase Web Console, or by means of the REST API.

> The PUT request is the only way to create/update indexes. If the user does it from the UI/SDK - under the hood, it translates to HTTP PUT requests that curl does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PUT request is the only way to create/update indexes. 
If the user does this from the UI/SDK,  it  will be translated to HTTP PUT requests and executed by curl.
```

Author: Done

Specifying the "uuid" parameter in the index definition is required for the index introduction to be treated as a valid update. 

NOTE: This uuid has to match the one in the system already.
Upon a successful index creation/updation, the uuid of the index will be re-initialized.

== Indexes and Full Text Search

> Every Full Text Search is performed on a user-created Full Text Index, which contains the targets on which searches are to be performed: these targets are values derived from the textual and other contents of documents within a specified bucket or collections within a scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Full Text Search is performed on a user-created Full Text Index, which contains the targets on which searches are to be performed. 
These targets are values derived from the textual and other contents of documents within a specified bucket or collections within a scope.
```

Author: Done

> Index-creation is highly configurable, and you can select various attributes to search the specific information. For example, documents can be user-grouped into different types (for example, airline documents versus hotel documents), different scopes (for example, inventory), and collections (for example, airport or hotel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Index-creation is highly configurable; you can select various attributes to search the specific information. 
For example, documents can be grouped by the user into different types (e.g. airline documents versus hotel documents), different scopes (e.g. inventory), and collections (e.g. airport or hotel).
```

Author: Done
